Cannot get / ==> means it cannot find the / route
This is where you then setup different routes

app.get,app.post, app.put,app.delete
app.get("path", (this is a function that takes three differentparameters))

Website status codes are part of the HTTP response status codes returned by a web server when a request is made. 
They indicate whether the request was successful or if there were issues.

ðŸŒ HTTP Status Code Categories
1xx - Informational Responses: Request received, continuing process.

2xx - Success: Request successfully received, understood, and accepted.

3xx - Redirection: Further action needs to be taken to complete the request.

4xx - Client Errors: Request contains bad syntax or cannot be fulfilled.

5xx - Server Errors: Server failed to fulfill a valid request.

âœ… Common HTTP Status Codes
Code	Name	Description
1xx Informational		
100	Continue	Request received, please continue.
101	Switching Protocols	Switching to a different protocol as requested.
2xx Success		
200	OK	Request succeeded, response body contains the data.
201	Created	Resource successfully created (e.g., after POST request).
204	No Content	Request successful, but no content to return.
3xx Redirection		
301	Moved Permanently	Resource has been permanently moved to a new URL.
302	Found	Temporarily moved to another URL.
304	Not Modified	Cached version of resource can be used.
4xx Client Errors		
400	Bad Request	Request cannot be processed due to client error.
401	Unauthorized	Authentication required.
403	Forbidden	Client does not have permission.
404	Not Found	Resource could not be found.
405	Method Not Allowed	HTTP method not allowed for the requested resource.
429	Too Many Requests	Rate limit exceeded.
5xx Server Errors		
500	Internal Server Error	Generic server error.
502	Bad Gateway	Invalid response from upstream server.
503	Service Unavailable	Server is down or overloaded.
504	Gateway Timeout	Upstream server did not respond in time.

res.download("server.js") //  downloads a file named server.js
To render a html file ==> res.render("index") , you pass in the name of the file you want to render

res.sendStatus(500)
res.status(500).json({message : "Hi"}) //you can chain statuses and sending down text string or a json
res.send("Hi") // this sends down whatever we pass into it, is pretty generic

You can run your server code in your express to output what is inside your views ==> html/css/js
That means you can pass down information into your html file or js file, to do that you need a view engine